---
# Week 5
---
## Assignment 7 


For this assignment I read _A Beginner's Very Bumpy Journey Through The World of Open Source_ by Shubheksha Jalan and  
_How to Contribute to Open Source Without Coding_ by Craig Buchek. Shubeksha's article was very interesting because it was a warning of what is to come
when looking for an open source project. I do feel like the struggles that Shubheksha faced while searching for a helpful community is prevalent
outside of open source and definitely exist inside of small or start-up companies that are willing to take on any volunteers. I myself have faced a toxic project
environment in real life and understood that the community was just not for me although I got along well with most people. I think it is especially important
important for the leaders of the project to be open and welcoming when others offer to use their time ad skills voluntarily. Since I have experienced this first hand 
in real life situations I don't think this will be a problem for me since it will be easier to deal with online. One thing that hit home in this article
is the fear of asking questions so as not to be seen as stupid. I face this feeling all the time in all my computer science classes and even asking for help in stack overflow.
I have to get past this fear and ask questions anyways. My one flaw when it comes to coding is that because I am so afraid to ask questions I will spend hours
trying to research and solve the problem myself instead of asking the questions that will help me understand what I am doing. I need to keep this in mind
when contributing to projects.

In Craig's _How to Contribute to Open Source Without Coding_ , I learned a lot of good information on the wrong and right ways to communicate with the 
community once you have found one. For example, I did not know that publicly communicating with the project leaders was common practice. This is probably
from the fact that I have always worked in corporations where communication between coworkers about projects are always under wraps and innapropriate in public.
This is definitely an eye-opening difference that I did not know about the community. The checklist that Craig provided is also extremely useful. 
There are things that I would never think to look for such as the time between responses or the time since the last pull request. Also Craig pointed out 
the great advantage of having communivation being public as it can be used to determine how welcoming the community truly is. Over all it was a great read that brought a lot
of important issues into light. I will defnitely be using this checklist to decide on an open source project. 
