# Week 7

## Assignment 10

   
   

### Quantum GIS
---

 __High Level Project Evaluation Criteria__

* _Is it open source? This is obviously the first question to answer. A negative answer for this one stops
further evaluation._

     Yes this project is a [Free and Open Source Software](https://qgis.org/en/site/about/index.html). 
      
* _What is its license? Does the license allow for forks and modifications?_

    This project has a (Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-SA 3.0))[https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/] license.
    This licence allow us to share and develop the code for any reason even commercially. This is possible as long as you give credit and sharing your
    work also as it is distributed under the same licence it originally comes with. 
    
* _How active is this project? Are people actively submitting issues and are people closing issues in a
timely manner?_

   
* _How welcoming does the community seem? Are people friendly in the issue discussions, the discussion
forum, and chat?_
* _How easy is it to find information about contributing to the project? Are there clear guides and
documentation that can help someone who wants to contribute? Are there written guides about rules
of conduct, for example? In short, is it an inviting project?_
* _What programming languages are used in the project?_
* _What is the development environment, and how hard is it to download and install it?_
* _How hard is it to understand the project code? Is it a large code base?_
* _Does the project depend on external additional software modules such as database or graphics libraries?_
* _How much does one need to know about the domain of the application in order to understand the
code? For example, if it is a health-related application, how much medical or biological background
would a contributor need?_
* _How complicated is the code and how large is it?_
* _How mature is the project? Is it very new, or has it been around for a long time? Does it have a stable
release yet?_
* _Is the project interesting and/or exciting to you?_

__Assessing Activity__

* _When was the last commit?_
* _How many contributors does the project have?_
* _How often do people commit?_
* _How many open issues are there?_
* _Do maintainers respond quickly to issues when they are opened?_
* _Is there active discussion on the issues?_
* _Are the issues recent?_
* _Are issues getting closed?_
* _How many open pull requests are there?_
* _Do maintainers respond quickly to pull requests when they are opened?_
* _Is there active discussion on the pull requests?_
* _Are the pull requests recent?_
* _How recently were any pull requests merged?_
* _Do the maintainers respond helpfully to questions in issues? Are responses generally constructive?_
* _Are people friendly in the issues, discussion forum, and chat?_
* _Do pull requests get reviewed?_
* _Do maintainers thank people for their contributions?_
