---
# Week 1
---
## Assignment 1: 

https://www.openstreetmap.org/user/gutierrezjdr/history

I added a few things around my neighborhood that were not on Openmap such as a hotel and a clothing store. I also added a public street that is closed off to cars at 185th street. It is a part of the Yeshiva University. I had problems finding the right tag for that area so I could not specify what it was. Any feedback on what tag to use for this area would be great. 

I also removed buildings that no longer exist on Amsterdam and 181st. It used to be a gas station but it has been torn down and is now an empty lot perpetually under construction. There were also some mistakes on the nearby train station. It had a marker for a subway entrance that did not exist and also it had many duplicate markers on the path of the train so I deleted and moved a few of those on 181st street.

I added a public playgroud that is part of a public school. There is also a Dirt Jump Park where I would meet up with friends as kids and although the satellite picture doesn't show it very well, it does exist. I even linked to a pdf from the park directly that shows its existence. 

Lastly I added two charter schools. One is the TEP Early Childhood charter school which is now on the 2nd floor of what used to be a Social Security Office building. The second one is called Success Academy which now stands in place of a 115 year old catholic school that closed down a few years back called Mother Cabrini High School. All links with proof of this is provided in my history and edits
Many of these types of locations were not on Google so I made sure to cite them with the school's website or articles. 
 
## Assignment 1:

  ### Question 1:
  
  Richard Stallman’s first biggest accomplishment was his creation of the free software community in which software is free in philosophical terms and not necessarily in monetary terms. This distinction in freedom for the user’s power with the software after obtaining it is what created his following accomplishments. His second accomplishment must be the creation of the GNU which is a free operating system that supports users rights to change, distribute, and use the code in whichever way they liked. Finally, he created the GNU GPL which is a free license provided by the Free Software Foundation in order to use for anyone that wishes to make free software. This not only makes sure the software is free for users but protect “free” developers from having their code taken away by a patent. This license gives absolute user freedom unlike “open” software in which code is visible but not modifiable. These three accomplishments flourished from the creation of a community with the same philosophical ideals.  
  
### Question 2:

 My favorite principle from The Cathedral and the Bazaar by Eric Raymond was number seven. Principle seven says “Release early. Release often. And listen to your customers”  (pg 7). This principle is interesting because I believed that you should never output updates or programs with many bugs and that it was unprofessional. I probably learned this from the life cycle of software development we were taught in class. For his case, Raymond talks about Linus and the multiple releases he had in a day. His example definitely enlightened me to the usefulness of releasing early and often. It made me realize how exhausting it is to develop for months and then release only to have others point out bugs until the next release which could be in half a year. It makes more sense to have a bigger group of people trying to figure out the problem to reduce the amount it takes. Companies actually seem to be negatively affected by privatizing their code and letting only a select few solve all the problems. 
 This leads me to my second favorite principles, number 11 and 12 because I believe these are intertwined. Eleven states  “The next best thing to having good ideas is recognizing good ideas from your users. Sometimes the latter is better” (page 14). In twelve Raymond says, “Often the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong.”  Similarly when trying to debug, one can sometimes dig a deep mental hole in which they cannot think of other ways to solve the problem. Programmers can easily get exhausted at looking and solving problems for code they have seen numerous times. Sometimes it takes a long break for me to figure out one of the more difficult problems I have with my code. Usually if I do projects with friends, it is easier for them to see the bugs in my code and for me to see the errors in theirs. Using different perspective can really help me improve my code and do so as well to those that I collaborate with. 
 These principals make me question the corporate structure resistance to opening their doors to solve problems. Their engineers are probably exhausted from looking through the same code while if new people came in to help they might be able to find a different way of finding the errors. I can imagine that these problems would probably be solved quickly if this was common practice. 
