# Last Week
## Assignment 13



The __GNU General Public License (GNU GPL)__ is used for software packages and programs. There are a few different versions with slight variations such as the __GNU Lesser General Public License__  which is also  used for a few GNU libraries. 
The GNU Lesser GPL allows libraries to be used in private programs while the GNU GPL only allows libraries to be used in free programs.
Another license udner the GNU umbrella is the __GNU Affero General Public License__  which includes the permission to recieve source code for a program licensed over a network. Finally there is the __GNU Free Documentation License__ which is intended to use on any type of documentation when it comes to software or a program. This includes manuals and documents It even gives all users the right to change the documentation and redistribute it. 

There are also licenses that can be combined with GNU licenses such as the following. 
The [__Apache License__](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html) includes a termination of the patent license that occurs
if anyone sues another group or person for patent infringement. This is only possible because the Apache License lets anyone who uses the software
sell their code as long as they do not make contributors responsible for any outcomes. Apache is also only compatible with 
 GNU GPL version 3. When reading about Apache, I was  a bit confused. For me this makes it impossible to enforce the GNU license.
 Does this mean that patent litigation is different from enforcing the GNU copyleft license? This confusion is likely
 caused by my ignorance of licensing laws and prosecution of infringement. 
 
 The __CC0__ is the Creative Commons License that puts your work into the public domain. This is entirely different from the GNU license even though it runs on the same ideal of open accessibility. Entering work into the public domain does not stop proprietary software from being created from the source and being sold or copyrighted thereby using the free contribution and profiting from it. 
 
 The __Mozilla Public License__ ensures that any work with the MPL continues to have the MPL rights when combined with work under a GNU License. This creates a dual license dynamic in which MPL sections can be distributed individually or the entire work can be distributed under GNU as a whole. 
 
In order to ascertain their distinction from "copyright", GNU considers its license a __Copyleft__. This is is a process where a program that is free software requires all of its versions and contributions by users to also be considered free
software. There are multiple ways to acomplish this, including putting the software in the public domain but because 
third party could still use the code for profit if obtained through public domain, the GNU project created a process to prevent this.
The copyleft process ensures that all subsequent versions follow the freedom to copy,use,and distribute according to the original code. Basically 
instead of "copyright" for secrecy and private ownership, GNU Project creates the opposite with a "copyleft". (This made me chuckle). 


Similarly, the [__All-Permissive License__](https://www.gnu.org/software/texinfo/manual/texinfo/html_node/All_002dpermissive-Copying-License.html) 
is a supporting license for the copyleft that also ensures inherited freedom of change and distribution to README and other documentation
files. [Permissive Licenses](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permissive_software_licence) are lenient licenses that offer little or barely any information
on redistribution. This is why the All-Permissive License is a mere 5 line copyright.    


## Godot Project

This week we tried to work on issue [#23828](https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/23828) dealing with margins of icons. The first idea was to change the inheritance of the icon which is really a [_Sprite_](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/3.0/classes/class_sprite.html?highlight=sprite) class that inherits its physics and movement from a [_Node2D_](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/3.0/classes/class_node2d.html#class-node2d) class. At first I wanted to add the [_Control_](../images/icon_control.PNG) area in the editor to the sprite because it has options to add margin specifications. We planned to do this by making the _Node2D_ Inherit from the _Control_ class. The idea behind this was that _Control_ and _Node2d_ have the same inheritences all the way up to _CanvasItem_ so maybe by inserting one more inheritence it won't make such an issue.   

Adding the _Control_ section to the icon did work since it did add the options to the right column. The _Control_ section did __not__ exist for the sprite before. It also came with the options to change margins and position thorugh user input. So we tested it by inserting margins and moving the icon around. This is where we got [movement errors](../images/icon_error.PNG) where the anchors moved but the texture did not. Also when the margins changed the texture would move but the anchors would not. There were also [errors](../images/exe_error.PNG) when running the executable which were somewhat expected since the classes basically do the same thing but for different types of game objects. Still, trying this out showed us that _Node2D_ and _Control_ had really similar calls and because of this we decided to revert back to the original inheritences and instead take the _margin_ functions from _Control_ and rework it into Node2d. This work will continue into next week. 
