# Week 5
---
## Assignment 8

### __1.__

* ID- Also known as the bug ID, this numeric id is unique to each bug within all of GNOME Bugzilla.

* Product - One of the three attributes used to categorize bugs. It is the first level of categorization. 

* Comp - One of the three attributes used to categorize bugs. It is the second level of catgeorization therefore a unique component exists for every product type.

* Assignee - This is the person responible for tracking and completing the bug's progress.

* Status - This communicates the status of the bug and has 5 possibilities. The five possible options for this field are Unconfirmed, Confirmed, 
  In_Progress, Resolved and Verified. Resolved and Verified refers specifically to closed bugs while the rest are used for only open bugs. 

* Resolution  - This field communicates the bug's status after it is closed. There are 5 options, Fized,Invalid,WontFix, Duplicate, and
  WorksForMe. 

* Summary - This is a small description of the bug. 
	
* Changed - The date when this bug was last updated.

### __2.__ 
I pressed the [Reports](https://bugzilla.gnome.org/page.cgi?id=reports.html) link in the navigation bar next to the "Search" button. In the [Reports](https://bugzilla.gnome.org/page.cgi?id=reports.html) page, under "Explanation of various terms and fields"
there is a link named [Bug fields](https://bugzilla.gnome.org/page.cgi?id=fields.html). This page contains many of the keywords used to identify and process bugs.

### __3.__ 
The bugs are displayed first ordered by descending ID number, and then by Product in alphabetical order. 

### __4.__ 
The different colors indicate the bug's importance level. _**Red**_ indicates a critical bug. There seems to be different levels of bugs from low to high critical. Similarly, _**gray**_ bugs indicates enhancement bugs. These
also have low to high levels. _**Black**_ are normal bugs with the same amount of levels of importance. 

### __5.__ 

* *What is the bug ID?*

  788751

* *Identify when the bug was submitted.*

	2017-10-10 02:16 UTC

* *Identify if there has been recent discussion about the bug?*

  No there has been no discussion recently of the bug. The last time this issue was modified was a few minutes after the reported time.
  According to its history, the last change was at 2017-10-10 02:17 UTC.

* *Is the bug assigned? To whom?*

   It is assigned to 	*gnome-shell-maint*.

* *Describe what you would need to do to fix the bug.*

  In the same position where the code for the lock screen exists, I would add an 'OR' statement inside the original 'if' statement so that the screen will 
 also unlock if someone double clicks. 
 
 
 ### __6.__ 

* *What is the bug ID?*

  110897

* *Identify when the bug was submitted.*

	2003-04-15 20:32 UTC 

* *Identify if there has been recent discussion about the bug?*
  
  There have been  no recent discussions. The last discussions was done by Calum Benson 2004-10-21 16:40:54 UTC who cc'd  the bug to a group.
  Before that discussion someone named Lars pointed out where the hard coded size change for the handles were.  The last change was made in
  2018-07-29 22:58 UTC which changed the status from Assigned to New. This change made me thing it was a recent bug. 

* *Is the bug assigned? To whom?*

   It is assigned to 	*Dia maintainers*.

* *Describe what you would need to do to fix the bug.*

  In the source file 'lib/handle_ops.c.' I would change the size of the handles to be equal to an integer variable instead of a hard coded number.
With this, we can change the varaiable from a function created in the settings source code that accepts user input for the size. 
