---
# Week 4
---
## Assignment 6 Part 1: 

 In this assignment, I worked together with Chocolate-Spaghet and johncgenere. In the first round of pull requests and proofreading, I am responsible this week for looking through Chocolate-Spaghet's work. What I thought was interesting was how much I learned from reading his work. Although we read the same articles, it seems I may have missed certain things that he noticed. For example, I knew that Richard Stallman helped  create open source licensing but I did not know it was called "copyleft". Also, Chocolate-Spaghet added an extra article which helped expand my knowledge on open source software. 
 
One difficulty I have when fixing other people's work is determining the difference between grammar/sentence errors and preferences. For example, there are some things that I think personally sound better in a certain order.  I am not always sure if this is a peronal preference or a grammer error. This is a problem because I worry that I will change someone else's work so much that it mgiht sound like mine instead of theirs. I do not want to cover their voice with mine so I was very conservative with my changes. Despite all this I enjoy my group and we have no problems communicating properly with each other which is gratifying, especially from my previous experiences. 

This is my [pull request](https://github.com/hunter-college-cs-ossd/Chocolate-Spaghet-weekly/pull/1) for Chocolate-Sphaget. 

## Assignment 6 Part 2: 

After I did the pull request for Chocolate-Spaghet, I noticed my professors comment on the author being __unknown__. I did not know why this happened so I searched it up and found that I had to set my information. I did it with the following commands using this [link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8283915/git-author-unknown).
First I checked my git setting with:   
`$ git config user.email`   
`# email@here.com`.    

It was not set there so I ran:   
`$ git config --global user.email "email@here.com"`   
with my email address for github in place of _email@here.com_.

You can see that I fixed this issue with my [pull request](https://github.com/hunter-college-cs-ossd/johncgenere-weekly/pull/2) for johncgenere in which I only fixed two small issues. 

