# Week 10

## Assignment 11



For our group to work with Godot I had decided to compile Godot in Windows 10. This might have been the biggest mistake and the biggest waste of time in my life. I spent so much time trying to understand where the Microsoft OS stored Python (apparantly it is in a random folder inside user called "AppData" because Visual Studio is now an app and you cannot download it as a regular program) and trying to implement the intructions on Godot that might be outdated or just so vague that it lets go of your hand as soon as you download Visual Studio. Even while searching through forums I could not find the issues I specifically was facing.  
  
  
After this error(which I completely take full responsibility for), I finally decided to run my first Virtual Machine in order to compile Godot in a faster manner. The process to run the Virtual Machine was longer than to finalize the compliation of Godot in Ubuntu. As recommended by my teammate, I used __Oracle VM VirtualBox__. With my teammate we agreed to use Ubuntu 16.04 specifically in order to keed issues and errors that we experience consistent so I found the iso for this version and used it to finally start my work.    

First I made sure I had the source code for Godot from their repository on github. I cloned the repository in a location that I remembered. In the Godot website I went to their [website](https://godotengine.org/) and pressed the  __Learn__ link on their navigation bar. This leads me to Godot's documentation for both learning how to use the engine and learning how to develop for them. I scrolled down and pressed [__Compiling__](https://godot.readthedocs.io/en/3.0/development/compiling/index.html) then went to [_Compiling for X11 (Linux, *BSD)_](https://godot.readthedocs.io/en/3.0/development/compiling/compiling_for_x11.html). Here I was provided one line that downloaded everything I needed. Inside the root of the Godot source coude I pasted this line and ran it. 
It took the program about 20 minutes to compile but close to the end I encountered an error that said,  
`collect2: fatal error: ld terminated with signal 9 [Killed]`  
`compilation terminated`.   
I searched this error up and got [this post](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46259776/collect2-fatal-error-ld-terminated-with-signal-9-killed) from stackoverflow that stated that CPU overload is the reason for this error. With this post I concluded that I needed to increase the memory my Virtual Machine was using in order for the program to finish compiling. After this slight change Godot compiled successfully.  

Now I have a new found love for Virtual Machines and I understand them better now. I also now understand why everyone raves about them and Ubuntu. The stark difference in compiling Godot between Windows and Ubuntu encourages me to explore more operating systems and engage in conversations with friends about what is available out there.This new passion has helped bring new operating systems, such as [Haiku](https://www.haiku-os.org/), into my world. Who knew that hate could ignite the motivation to explore the world of operating systems? 

## Assignment 12

I made a couple of changes in the KiCad bug tracker. These are the following problems I edited  

I changed the bug [ #1806172](https://bugs.launchpad.net/kicad/+bug/1806172) from _New_ to _Invalid_ since it seems that this is more of a request and preference versus a bug that makes the program unusable. I could be wrong about this one since to me personally, it sits between _Opinion_ and _Invalid_. 

I also changed [#1804646](https://bugs.launchpad.net/kicad/+bug/1804646) from _New_ to _Opinion_ because a design choice can be purely objective. It does not stop the program from working. This one I am sure is opinion based and not a bug of sort. 


The bug reports many times seems to be an opinion on design and how things should be done. I want to almost make a lot of the new bugs as _Opinions_ since they don't really seem serious. Also the options for  _Status_ of the bugs don't seem too clear so sometimes I was not sure if _Opinion_ or _Invalid_ is correct. Sometimes _Invalid_ seemed too harsh for an answer to something that is not a bug but a preference. I wish there were clearer descriptions for each _Status_. 
