# Week 11

## Assignment 12

I made a couple of changes in the KiCad bug tracker. These are the following problems I edited.

### Bug 1806172
I changed the bug [ #1806172](https://bugs.launchpad.net/kicad/+bug/1806172) from _New_ to _Invalid_ since it seems that this is more of a request and preference versus a bug that makes the program unusable. I could be wrong about this one since to me personally, it sits between _Opinion_ and _Invalid_.     
__Update:__ This bug was triaged but not by the information I input to it. I asked if it I had set the status wrongly and got back that the _Importance_ column should be changed
to _Wishlist_. Usually they leave it as _New_ or _Confirmed_ otherwise. I pointed out that only project maintainers or bug supervisors were able to do this.    


### Bug 1804646
I also changed [#1804646](https://bugs.launchpad.net/kicad/+bug/1804646) from _New_ to _Opinion_ because a design choice can be purely objective. It does not stop the program from working. This one I am sure is opinion based and not a bug of sort. 


The bug reports many times seems to be an opinion on design and how things should be done. I want to almost make a lot of the new bugs as _Opinions_ since they don't really seem serious. Also the options for  _Status_ of the bugs don't seem too clear so sometimes I was not sure if _Opinion_ or _Invalid_ is correct. Sometimes _Invalid_ seemed too harsh for an answer to something that is not a bug but a preference. I wish there were clearer descriptions for each _Status_. 
